Why we should let our interests guide our learning
    What is known to be critical for achieving academic success is to have the momentum to learn, and that's what interest provides us with. Interest leads us to the state of staying curious, and offers us the spirit of searching for the essence regardless of the potential upcoming difficulties. In brief, interest is the propulsion to ask "why", and that automatically leads to our eagerness to learn, which is the biggest difference from leaning without interest. Without interest, we only know what we're crammed, if not forget them. I bet that none of you will remember how to answer the questions in a Chinese exam one year later and you won't take the trouble to review these techniques because you are not interested in them. This shows that the momentum triggers us to start the learning as well as makes us persevere in it, gaining a deeper insight of the realm we are interested in repeatedly through our life, which is something equally important in learning. As a result, people who learn what interests them are more likely to be successful, and they are less likely to feel exhausted during the tiring researching process.
    When it comes to our future career, letting our interests to guide our learning become even more important as you can do what you like when working. According to a national report, Chinese people work an average of 46 hours per week, and that is really a long time. It means that you will only have a few hours to do something which is unrelated to your work every week. Think about it, what will your future life be like if you are required to do something you hate every day? That will certainly be a hard time for you. Then think about what your career life will be like if you are doing what interests you when working. You will be spending an extra 46 hours per week doing what really fascinates you. You will enjoy yourself in the lab, you will enjoy yourself in the office, and you will enjoy yourself anywhere you are working.  Someone may oppose by saying that you are probably going to do a job unrelated to what you learn in university. But if that is true, you can choose any major in college anyway, so why not just simply chose what you are interested in and enjoy your university life?


Why we should let our interests guide our learning
    What is known to be critical for achieving academic success is to have the momentum to learn, and that's what interest provides us with. Interest leads us to the state of staying curious, and offers us the spirit of searching for the essence regardless of the potential upcoming difficulties. In brief, interest is the propulsion to ask "why", and that automatically leads to our eagerness to learn, which is the biggest difference from learning without interest. Without interest, we only know what we're crammed, if not forget them. I bet that you can hardly remember how to answer the questions of a Chinese exam one year later and you won't take the trouble to review these skills or tricks because that's not interesting to you indeed. This, from the other side, shows that the momentum triggers us to start the learning as well as makes us persevere in it, gaining a deeper insight of the realm we are interested in repeatedly through our life, which is something equally important in learning. As a result, people who learn what interests them are more likely to be successful, and they are less likely to feel exhausted during the tiring researching process.
    When it comes to your future career, letting your interests guide your learning become even more important as you can do what you like when working. According to a government report, Chinese people work an average of 46 hours per week, and that is really a long time. It means that you will only have a few hours to do something that is unrelated to your work every week. Think about it, what will your future life be like if you are required to do something you hate every day? That could be sheer torture for you. Then think about what your career life will be like if you are doing what interests you when working. You're allowed an extra 46 hours per week doing what really fascinates you. You will enjoy yourself in the lab, you will enjoy yourself in the office, and you will enjoy yourself anywhere you are working. Someone may oppose by saying that you are probably going to do a job unrelated to what you learn in university. But if that is true, you can choose any major in college anyway, so why not just simply choose what you are interested in and enjoy your college life?
fuck

eieiwojfi

Cheng Xinyan ju!!!
abcd;;;
